# Legal Disclaimer

## Information published on this website

The information provided on this website does not constitute investment advice,
financial advice, trading advice, or any other sort of advice, and you should
not treat any of the website's content as such. Our team provides the
website as a service to the public, and is not responsible for, and expressly
disclaims all liability for, damages of any kind arising out of use, reference
to, or reliance on any information contained within this website. While the
information contained within this website is periodically updated, no guarantee
is given that the information provided in this website is correct, complete,
and up-to-date.

## Usage risks

The Website will not be responsible for any losses, damages or claims arising
from events falling within the scope of events like, but not limited to:
mistakes made by the user (e.g., payments sent to wrong addresses), software
problems of this website or any related software or service (e.g., malware
or unsafe cryptographic libraries), technical failures (e.g., hardware wallets
malfunction), security problems experienced by the user (e.g., unauthorized
access to wallets), actions or inactions of third parties (eg. bankruptcy of
service providers, information security attacks on service providers, and fraud
conducted by third parties).

## Investment risks

The investment in cryptocurrencies can lead to loss of money and prices having
large range fluctuations. The information published on this website cannot
guarantee no money loss.

## Compliance with tax obligations

The users of this website are solely responsible to determinate what, if any,
taxes apply to their cryptocurrency holdings. The owners of, or contributors
to, this website are NOT responsible for determining the taxes that apply to
user transactions.

## No warranties

This website is provided on an "as is" basis without any warranties of any kind
regarding the website and/or any content, data, materials and/or services
provided on the website.

## Limitation of liability

Unless otherwise required by law, in no event shall the owners of, or
contributors to, the website be liable for any damages of any kind, including,
but not limited to, loss of use, loss of profits, or loss of data arising out
of or in any way connected with the use of the website.

## Arbitration

The user of the Website agrees to arbitrate any dispute arising from or in
connection with the website or this disclaimer, except for disputes related to
copyrights, logos, trademarks, trade names, trade secrets or patents.
